Release 2023.09.0 (#4371)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2023-okta-identity-engine/index.md

<ApiLifecycle access="ie" />

## September

### Weekly release 2023.09.0

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs |
| ------ | ------------------------ |
| [Updates to profile enrollment policy](#updates-to-profile-enrollment-policy) | September 13, 2023 |
| [Automatically assign super admin role to an app](#automatically-assign-super-admin-role-to-an-app) | September 13, 2023 |
| [Authentication challenge for redirects](#authentication-challenge-for-redirects) | September 13, 2023 |
| [Number challenge support for OOB and MFA OOB grant flows is EA in Production](#number-challenge-support-for-oob-and-mfa-oob-grant-flows-is-ea-in-production) | September 13, 2023 |
| [Policy Simulation API is GA in Preview](#policy-simulation-api-is-ga-in-preview) | September 13, 2023 |
| [Developer documentation update in 2023.09.0](#developer-documentation-update-in-2023-09-0) | September 13, 2023 |
| [Bugs fixed in 2023.09.0](#bugs-fixed-in-2023-09-0) | September 13, 2023 |

#### Updates to profile enrollment policy

> This feature delivers parity for upgraded orgs who used the Self Service Registration (SSR) feature in Classic Engine. Previously in Identity Engine, SSR was combined with profile enrollment. Users were unable to sign in after the upgrade if their org used read-only or hidden attributes for SSR in Classic Engine. Identity Engine now separates SSR and profile enrollment, and turns off progressive profiling by default. This ensures that no admins are locked out and users can sign in to their orgs even if they have special attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature delivers parity for upgraded orgs that used the Self-Service Registration (SSR) feature in Classic Engine. Previously in Identity Engine, SSR was combined with profile enrollment. Users were unable to sign in after the upgrade if their org used read-only or hidden attributes for SSR in Classic Engine. Identity Engine now separates SSR and profile enrollment, and turns off progressive profiling by default. This ensures that no admins are locked out and users can sign in to their orgs even if they have special attributes.
```

#### Developer documentation update in 2023.09.0

* The [Sign users in to your web app using the redirect model](/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app-redirect/) guide is now easier to read and quicker to complete. This change also removes references to Okta CLI, removes Gin-specific example code from Go content, and adds new example code to ASP.NET content.
* The Style the sign-in page guide now describes how to hide or suppress the transient Sign-In Widget for redirect authentication. See [Hide or suppress the transient Sign-In Widget ](/docs/guides/custom-widget/main/#hide-or-suppress-the-transient-sign-in-widget).

#### Bugs fixed in 2023.09.0

> * A token inline hook secured by an OAuth2.0 private key returned a 403 error response for all users except the super admin. (OKTA-605996)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A token inline hook secured by an OAuth 2.0 private key returned a 403 error response for all users except the super admin. (OKTA-605996)
```
